Exercise 15: Understand why exceptions are better than terminating.

Calling exit(3), according to the manpage:

    The  exit() function causes normal program termination and
    the value of status is returned to the parent.  All  func­
    tions registered with atexit() and on_exit() are called in
    the reverse order of  their  registration,  and  all  open
    streams are flushed and closed.

To not simply plagiarise the manpage: when exit is called anything that is not
explicitly setup to synergise with its way of terminating the program will not
be able to run properly, which means, generally, destructors. If an error
happens it is also often still perfectly fixable, or at least might allow for
further processes of the program to complete before it is closed, rather than
simply axing the whole thing. As such exceptions come in as a much better
alternative. If a program breaking exception appears one can set the program
up such that it terminates after safely and tidily cleaning up any resources
in use, but smaller scale exceptions can be dealt with locally without
necessarily ceasing the program altogether. Exceptions can then also be used
more effectively to report to the user (or programmer) what has gone wrong and
wat needs to be fixed (or what the user should (not) be doing).

As we saw in the previous exercise, exceptions can lead to resources being
left dangling. A computer's OS will reclaim leaked memory at program
termination, but temporary files for instance, will not be automatically
deleted when the program unwinds. The user must then know to go into (for
instance) the /tmp/ directory to manually get rid of the dangling files, which
can cause issues if those files take up a lot of memory and the user is left
unaware.

Since the previous exercise has given us an excellent set of tools to
demonstrate this, we will go ahead and use its temporary files to show why
using exceptions is much safer and more useful than calling exit. We see that
if we simply create a TempFile object and then call exit(1) (return value 1
for erroneous program end) the TempFile lingers in the /tmp/ directory. If we,
on the other hand, throw an error and catch it, we see that the file is neatly
cleaned up again by the destructor, and if we want or even need to we could
use exceptions to neatly wind down the program and all its operating resources
in whichever way they require. We can catch errors more deeply in the program
and add extra info to them to learn about issues and more easily fix them, and
can generally deal with them much more effectively when we do not just
outright destroy the program with naught but a single int as feedback.
